In this world, the gods are real, and they can and sometimes do show themselves and interact with the mortal plane. As the gods are real, many people in this world are religious, and gods aren't "created" or the like by a group of people deciding to believe in a new god. There are quantifiable number of gods, with varying power and devotion. Centuries ago, before the [[The Forebearers|Forebearers]] became the technological race they are now known as, they too worshipped gods. As they are the sister race to the [[The Forebearers|Forebearers]], the [[The Elves|Elves]] too worshipped gods, and many still do to this day. After a few hundred or so years, the first [[The Dwarves|Dwarves]] arrived in Alagaesia from the west, bringing with them their homeland's gods. As is their philosophy today, the [[The Dwarves|Dwarves]] believed that magic and those who use it is lazy. They prefer the strength of their hands, and thus when the magic-bearing [[The Forebearers|Forebearers]] and [[The Elves|Elves]] offered to share their gods with the [[The Dwarves|Dwarves]], they largely declined. At some point, the [[The Forebearers|Forebearers]] moved away from faith and towards science, leaving their gods behind, but before this the first [[The Humans|Humans]] and [[The Halflings|Halflings]] sailed to Alagaesia. They brought the word of some gods with them from their homeland, but largely the gods they worship today are not their own. A century before the [[The Forebearers|Forebearers]] left religion behind, they were happy to enlighten the new races in the ways of their gods. Thus, most of the gods the [[The Humans|Humans]] worship today actually originated from the [[The Forebearers|Forebearers]], their names being crude abbreviations and/or translations from the original Forebearer to Common. Upon their arrival, the [[The Humans|Humans]] were not very well-versed in the ways of magic, and thus preferred labour as it was the only consistent option. [[The Dwarves]] noticed their shared belief, and deigned the [[The Humans|Humans]] kin enough to share some of their gods with them. This is why some lesser gods are worshipped across the [[The Stoners|Stoners]] and [[The Vulgomage|Vulgomage]] today. As of around a century ago, [[The Mechinators]] formed, taking refuge in [[The Forebearers|Forebearer]] ruins to learn their technological wisdom, and thus adopted and "brought back" the worship of some of their long forgotten gods, notably [[Zarros]].