Alden used to be an artificer that specialised in making the warforged for the Mechinators, but as he grew older, he realised that his Myasthenia Gravis was growing worse. Realising that he wouldn't be able to be an artificer anymore, he decided to put that part of his life behind him and went off to live a quiet and peaceful life on his own farm. He quickly learned that running a farm alone was no easy task, especially in his condition, so, using his experience, Alden made three warforged; AS-7924 (Asher), AN-6347 (Andrew) and AR-8125 (Aaron), to be farmhands. However, even with the help, he still grew weaker by the day.

After some months working the farm with his pseudo-children, Alden decided to use what time he had left to try and give self awareness to the three that had helped him in the time he spent with the farm. He first tried the process on Asher. However, upon Asher's awakening, he immediately lashed out and went insane, blowing himself up. Alden realised that the reason was that Asher had kept all his previous memories, and because of this, Asher had received a flood of memories in just a few moments. This proved too much for the warforged's mind, causing him to go mad. After the loss of his first "son", Alden made sure that the other two only remembered that they were related to each other. He only impressed upon them that in some way the two remaining warforged were like siblings. With that, Alden had started working on awakening Aaron and Andrew.

Sometime later, a raid party had rolled through the farm, killing anyone in their way and burning down anything that wasn't of value. One of the raiders had found an entrance to what seemed like a regular cellar, but when he entered found that it was the lab, used to work on and make the 3 warforged. seeing Aaron still being worked on, the raider thought that the parts would be worth a bit of money, but right before he had delivered the first blow, Aaron had awoken to see an axe about to be swung directly at him, and acting out of instinct to defend himself, threw the axe out of the way and bashed the mans head in. Still hearing the rest of the raid outside, Aaron had taken the raider's axe and clothes, and left to see the farm in flames, and spotting the raider's attacking Alden, the man that created him, and acted like a father figure for the short life he had lived so far. Being overcome by these new emotions, Aaron had lost control, giving into the only emotions he has felt since waking up, rage and hatred, ripping into the group and making sure that none could escape. By the time the fighting had finished, the group was slaughtered, but it was too late, and Aaron had found Alden dead from his injuries, finding a stack of papers on a desk next to him. Inscribed on the papers was a log of everything about the three warforged, explaining how Alden made them, his plan to make them self aware, how the first went mad, and some entries about Andrew. They explained how Andrew had woken up early, just before the raid, and said that he wished to explore the world now that he's free, and to tell Aaron to come looking for him when he wakes up. Aaron sees a map in between all the notes and takes it, intending to do what his "brother" had asked him to, no matter what
