A lot has happened since I last wrote. Honestly, I've had little time to with the chaos going on. On the last day of the Expo, the genius inventor, Percy Thaliarchus, went on stage to unveil his latest and grandest invention; a flying ship! Though, fate did not give his fans much time to applaud, as a group of assassins or mercenaries revealed themselves from amoungst the crowd and attempted to kidnap Percy! In the kerfuffle that followed, the my party-mates bravely stepped up to save the Professor. It was a fierce battle, made even more so by Aaron's absence, (He'd gone off by himself to complete a goblin-killing related bounty from the Adventurers' Guild). One of the cloaked assailants even tried to pirate the Sky Voyager, his actions put to an end by Vesper who had climbed a mooring rope to get on board the sky-ship. 

After successfully stopping the attempted forced eloping of Percy Thaliarchus, and preventing his contraption from crashing into the city, the inventor himself graciously invited us to his abode for a thank you dinner. Michael made a scene about not having anything fancy enough to wear, and thus went in search of affordable black-tie garb. He came back to the Silverquill bearing a new suit in his hands, sweaty and smelling of an interesting aroma. When asked, he avoided the topic of wear he had just been, and what he had just been up to. Based on his embarrassed expression, I don't know if I want to know. We attended the dinner, and I took the opportunity to thank Professor Thaliarchus for all the amazing and life-improving things he and his house had been responsible for, and for sending me down the life of academia. The others asked probing and personal questions which seemed to justifiably make the Professor uncomfortable. I'm ashamed they would do such a thing while being so graciously brought into the man's home to share a meal with him. Despite the ill-mannered nature of my friends, (Aaron), Thaliarchus thought it prudent he thank us with a token of his appreciation; he gave each of us a single-use, two-way, priority ticket for a journey on his Sky Voyager! To say I was beyond excited would be an understatement.

With full bellies, and some newfound knowledge of the lore behind the Expo's assailants, we returned to the Silverquill and slept. The next morning, I received a summons from Lasscial to meet with him at the MoAH immediately. I arrived at the reception, and enjoyed a lovely conversation with my old friend, definitely the best way to start a day. Lasscial informed me of the party's newest mission, he said it would be a little more dangerous than the last one and was more important. He said that the party showed great promise at the Expo, and that the MoAH was considering them for more important roles, but needed to test their mettle. We were to be sent to investigate the disappearance of Doctor Mortan Leywick, as well as a Lord Taviel and his daughter from a 